Democrats are getting their asses kicked
we need some way to road-test a more
rural friendly message if you can't live
your principles in the bad times I guess
there are principles they just hobbies
nice John Wayne and a tractor have a
baby and all you can say it's nice oh my
god Carl Jack Hastings is our key back
into the great now swing state of
Wisconsin he just doesn't know it yet
can I be completely honest with you no
ball be nice my daughter's here that was
your daughter with her arm up the cow
guys like me don't know how to talk guys
like you
Bolivar that's nice I know maybe it
doesn't need a ball maybe he's probably
your best but I would like to offer my
services healthy run for mayor you're
walking front I'm telling you guys that
could be the real deal this little
campaign of ours has caught the
attention of the National Republican
Party why are you here
because crushing the last piece of hope
in your eyes really gets me off it's
good to see you yeah you look fat it's
on your boys game on tons of presidents
lots of money this seems a bit crazy
don't put all the black ones in the
center he's lying is a moderate
there is the 18th
and all you have is beer 20 bucks says I
do better with beer than you do with
change party can't win they're getting
desperate this is really just another
perfect example of the DC Li trying to
dictate how we should put that's we your
DC elite oh I know actually I'm from
here that's um do you like it that's a
lie that's a lie no that's what are you
even doing
[Music]
you